Add Teams recommendation about WebSocket traffic (#8099)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/prepare-network.md

</ul>
<p>Each wireless vendor has its own recommendations for deploying its wireless solution. Consult your WiFi vendor for specific guidance.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Allow WebSocket protocol</td>

> <td><p>Teams utilizes long-living bidirectional WebSocket connections to efficiently deliver chat updates, call notifications and signaling, presence status changes and other real-time notifications from cloud services to the client. If establishing WebSocket connections is not possible, a traditional HTTP long-polling transport is used as a fallback, resulting in increased bandwidth and latency. Enabling WebSocket traffic is recommended for optimal operation.</p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td><p>Teams utilizes long-living bidirectional WebSocket connections to efficiently deliver chat updates, call notifications and signaling, presence status changes, and other real-time notifications from cloud services to the client. If establishing WebSocket connections is not possible, a traditional HTTP long-polling transport is used as a fallback, resulting in increased bandwidth and latency. We recommend that you enable WebSocket traffic for optimal operation.</p></td>
```
